fix: Update configuration for enabling RTSP Server (#1203)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/examples/app-service-examples/camera-management/Ch-CameraManagement.md

    !!! note
        This step is only required if you plan on using USB cameras.

>     a. Add these environment variables to enable rtsp server and the rtsp server hostname for the `device-usb-camera` service, where `your-local-ip-address` is the ip address of the machine running the `device-usb-camera` service.

Reviewer: the wording seems a little confusing now for this. Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
    a. Add these environment variables to enable the internal rtsp server and configure the rtsp server hostname. Set `your-local-ip-address` to the local ip address of the machine running the `device-usb-camera` service.
```
